LIBRAUNI — VERIFYING SHARED STUDENT RECORDS

A full private ZIP includes readable fields and original submission bytes,
organised by category / module / record. Keep it private. For selective sharing,
open its saved snapshot on the Learning evidence page, select any category,
fields or files, and download a selected ZIP. No new paid anchor is needed for
a different selection from an already anchored snapshot.

Every item also has a .proof.json companion. Every category has a
CATEGORY-PROOF.json. Send a file together with its proof, or a category folder
with its category proof and originals. Field-only proofs contain the committed
value; a separate text summary is not authoritative unless checked against it.

WEB VERIFICATION
Open https://librauni.github.io/evidence/ without signing in. Choose the shared
ZIP. Alternatively choose an individual/category proof JSON and select its
original files under “Verifying a separate category or file proof?”. Read the
verified values displayed from the proof. Files stay in the recipient's browser;
only public transaction/root queries are sent to the Ethereum node provider.

INDEPENDENT VERIFICATION
The format uses standard salted Ethereum Attestation Service PrivateData
multiproofs. It does not require the LibraUni website or a LibraUni account.
Use Node.js with the official packages in a separate directory:

npm install @ethereum-attestation-service/eas-sdk@2.10.0 ethers@6.17.0 fflate@0.8.3

Download https://librauni.github.io/evidence/verify.cjs to that directory.
Inspect the short verifier and run one of:

node verify.cjs selected-records.zip
node verify.cjs grade.proof.json
node verify.cjs original.pdf.proof.json original.pdf
node verify.cjs CATEGORY-PROOF.json original-one.pdf original-two.ipynb

For another Ethereum node, set ETHEREUM_RPC in the environment. No wallet,
private key or paid transaction is required to verify. Legacy v1 selected JSON
packages remain supported; their originals are embedded as base64.

A valid local proof establishes that the supplied fields and original bytes
match the supplied commitment. Without an independently checked anchor, it does
not establish an independent date. When an anchor is supplied, verification
checks Ethereum mainnet, the exact EAS contract and timestamp(root) transaction,
its successful canonical receipt, linked wallet signature, and finalized block.
An unavailable network check is not a successful blockchain verification.

An anchor establishes existence by the inclusion time, not the truth of earlier
reported dates, academic correctness, independent authorship, real-world
identity, accreditation, or completeness of undisclosed history. Wallet-linked
claims remain personal records, not independently issued tutor credentials.
The package is not a Blockcerts certificate.

The full ZIP contains private-recovery.json with all snapshot fields and salts.
Selective ZIPs do not. Do not send the full recovery package when sharing only
one item. Keep a safe copy: blockchain stores the root, not recoverable files.
